live Let's
see we got some stuff to do
today take a quick double check this is
just yeah like group chats uh let's take
a quick look
through see what's new here and then
we'll get started on some Dev
welcome just catching up real quick on
what I've missed since yesterday here
and we'll see what I'm going to do at
the
moment
errors some support
okay I I will get this working very
easily
okay this is just them trying to figure
out how to do
sweeps uh new video from BET on
Blaster it's funny that it like goes up
to like Ram stuff
bug wait four
five did you see that oh maybe that one
just has more Health that one look any
different yeah that one does look
different okay so maybe that one just
has more health
cool I think we're set here uh I look at
Sanders and at the
moment and we'll see how that goes
okay so we have this open
cool and where
here two days
ago wait did he push this
oh yeah no it would be two days ago
right yeah okay this is
good so this is going to 2.0 ddev that
is
fine one change
requested it's
fine and let's take a look and see how
this
works that's a good thing to do with the
morning
it's
possible we literally have
tests we have this sanitizer it
shouldn't even be able to seg fault
end we definitely need to make like some
sort of little grid
engine at some
point I'm fine having people do their
own like dedicated things for now
random so if I run
this oh you know what the seg fault
might just be on my end I have some
weird display things
um that's fine this seems like it
works cool so let's take a look um first
of
all these are I believe these are just
the normal rib dependency seg fold I
mean M leaks these are fine so good job
there what are you doing I'm currently
uh reviewing and integrating a new
environment in two lines
I'm integrating a new reinforcement
learning environment made by one of our
contributors at the
moment let's see if we can watch
it it's like this collection like trash
like pickup and deposit
environment new gy m not quite gy
compatible with gym yes but these are in
puffer API so these will run about a
thousand times faster than uh anything
that you see over there if you haven't
seen our demos you can play all of them
right
here here's a MOA and we have all these
different environments they're all Ultra
Ultra
fast
snake lots of fun stuff
oh he
actually wait use free trained okay this
is set to false so he has the model but
it's not trained and integrated it
seems right so can I just
do first of all
go okay so we have some speed issues
here we'll see
why basically new puffer M should never
ever have 20% time spent on the
environment like this so this should be
like 800 like 750 800 steps per second
train and with optimization we should be
able to get this to a
million CU know an easy way to
implement from
rayb so standard seems Independent
Learning an easy way to match IDs to
policies
uh what is
it
really oh that's you oh cool um yeah so
we we're planning that stuff for January
um you're welcome to help actually if
you'd like uh we have it basically we
had something that we implemented that's
just not being used and hasn't been
updated at the moment because like it
was an layer and we weren't really using
it for much but like when you're
training at 500,000 to a million steps
per second a lot of these problems that
seem hard are just suddenly very very
easy uh now if you have like a research
reason for fundamentally wanting to do
separate policies and stuff that's
totally understandable and uh there are
ways to hack it in the current
implementation and then there are you
know things we can do to support things
uh better that and that will be coming
in
January you know like one thing you can
do is just re shape the batch in the
forward pass right and then send it
through different sub networks that's a
really easy way of doing
stuff definitely take a look at our
environment code though
like things can be made much much
simpler oh I also just shipped yesterday
a much easier way if you're trying to
Port like a python environment to puffer
uh I added a much easier way to do that
and still get a lot of our speed UPS not
as much as in see but still get a lot of
the speed UPS
you can look at Ocean slpy squared now
for the python version of our squared
test
environment need to get into this not
computer scientists just applying RL for
Logistics oh if you're applying RL to
Logistics then I can almost guarantee
you that whatever problem is not going
to need like fancy separate policy stuff
um if you're in Academia you know we're
very happy to support stuff for free all
puffers free and open source uh if you
have a if you're at a company that is
trying to do this stuff and having
trouble I would also point you to uh we
do have service packages on our
website but all our stuff's also free
and open source so you're also just more
than welcome to hang around and ask
questions and use stuff as it
is that basically just gets you custom
features if you need them for your
specific
application eyes on your problem
working I can't tell if this is training
finishing PhD a okay then free
support we're very happy to support
um
Academia I just finished my PhD up
myself uh last spring
yeah okay so Xander I don't think that
this thing is quite working the way you
would expect it to be working let's
figure out why that
is
ctde is common approach multi-agent I
would say uh it is the common approach
but it's overbuilt you really don't need
it in a lot of cases my specialty in my
PhD was
multi-agent and generally IPO is just
tremendously effective when applied
quickly so if you have a slow Sim then
maybe you look into fancy algorithms but
if you like if you're doing stuff in
logistics for which you can build a fast
simulator it's going to be tremendously
more effective to just apply the simple
method really really
fast um for contact my
PhD I built what is probably the most
complex multi-agent set of simulators
out there like this is the newest
version of it this this is a full MMO
with like an inbuilt economy system
leveling items equipment like thousand
different agents in the same environment
uh they run for like hours and hours
we've trained policies for like 2,000
years worth of simulations in this thing
so you know I can tell
you a thing or two about multi-agent
learning and I am very much aware that
CT uh ctde is very common it was even
common back when I started this stuff in
like
2018 but uh a lot of it can be replaced
just by making thing go
fast and it's a lot simpler to do that
as well
the other thing is
ctde doesn't even imply separate
policies um you can still have the same
policy per agent and then just share the
value function that's a little bit
easier I would suggest looking to that
if
anything maybe something to consider and
it's also really for team based stuff uh
where you train where you train that as
well it's not really for adverse areial
or like free-for-all settings
all right let's see what Xander
did four agents 1024
correctly batch mini batch
oo is this mini batch
good I think this is actually good right
I forget what the max is before GPU
starts to
degrade I think I tested this okay so it
is 32k so he's fine
small so that doesn't make it any faster
it does make the metrix slow to report
532 okay I don't know what's up with
this report
interval I guess it's cuz all the MS are
synced up how old are you search
27 newly minted MIT PhD finished last
spring now working full-time on making
reinforcement learning actually work
properly and building a small company
around
it all three an open source code
though let's see what Xander did here
something
screwy he messed with this parameter
which I'd advise not doing but he didn't
mess with it very
much he was running sweeps so presumably
it's not that
sketchy 4096 no I think that's still
that's 16 or
32 uh
130 wait oops
one 2 over 32 no not over that what is
it
over uh 4096
yeah 32 I'm right I'm fine uh that
should be fine for this
logs welcome YouTube
folks we're currently integrating uh
Xander's new environment
I do full code reviews and I help with
Integrations for all all contributed
environments so if you're looking to get
into RL it's a really great way to get
started we generally have people like
start off by building the new end it's a
really good way to get familiar with
puffer and all the stuff that we work on
and then I slowly onboard people onto
the science side uh using their
experience with building at least one
environment
themselves let's see if we can f figure
out what's going on here
so need a few more data
on SO loss is
here this is fine this is
fine entropy is kind of
low value is good value is very good
suspiciously good
there this just looks random with
variant to
me did Xander hold on I thought that he
committed some
stuff I thought he said that he had this
working
it's working I
think yeah he has it
doesn't do you have a only used with
local 2D crop but I don't see a bull
here
um I don't see anything egregious in
here so
far what policy is he
using custom policy
okay so you don't need to do
this because your model is literally the
default here so this is just going to
[Music]
be uh whatever it is
recurrent that's just redundant that
won't fix
anything and then what you do here you
have a
cons a lot of
channels uh I don't see anything
terrible here
learning wait what was the x- axis in
this thing
weird yeah that's
bizarre
um cuz this is a very simple
environment probably there's some stuff
okay so it is
learning so I suspect then there's just
something crazy going on with uh with
his policy
lines very simple end logic it looks
like oh no cuz he's called okay he made
like sub function for St that's
fine
so total
trash not collected
there's no reward
here where do he put the where did he
put stuff message is too long we'll Post
in Discord
yeah I'm pretty responsive
there I mean this is mainly the point of
streaming right is that I can like
engage with people that are looking to
use stuff in puffer have RL
problems um merge contributor code I
also do the dev like my own personal Dev
live just because why not
but you know people do watch it we've
got four on YouTube One on Twitch at the
moment the peak has been
20 take a while to get back to that
okay so here's this compute observation
function this is what I wanted to see so
num cell types empty trash being the
agent right
iterate oversight
range check if cell is within bounds
code
um wait OBS of OBS index
wrong cuz this is like you're setting
the current index to one or to zero but
you're
not okay I think the encoding is scy
here
485 so what is
um agent Site range times
2 agents okay so this is a crop with
four channels so that actually is the
correct one hot encoding
Dimension what is the agent Site
range is it five by
default yeah so self observations 0 do
um well wait a second that's
40 self. num OBS oh plus one
okay so this
is
zero that looks weird to me
oh I found your thing I think my use
case CD of makes sense because why
should I train different policies for
the same agv
type so this is not what ctde means
though you can train the same policy
without doing
ctde I this is what ippo is which is
just standard po you share the weights
for the same policy and you apply them
independently to each agent in the scene
ctde sometimes has separate policies
sometimes has the same one the defining
feature of ctde is typically that you're
sharing at least the value function uh
during the course of training which can
be useful for Cooperative tasks but
we've had plenty of success without
bothering doing
that Independent Learning if I had yeah
so I think that you
have I think that you've got your
definitions backwards
um and
actually the like assigning policies to
agent it's doing the opposite of what
you want in R alib right now and the
thing that puffer is doing if you have
the same uh agv type is the thing that
you want and is the simpler thing and is
the faster thing so I think that you
just win here
Logistics is a great area is a great
area to apply RL though
OBS Marcel yeah so what we do first of
all I PPO poo is the same thing people
just are making meaningless distinctions
the simplest most common way to apply Po
in a multi-agent setting is to just
treat each agent independently like it's
from a different environment but using
the same policy so the same policy is
used independently to compute the
actions for each agent this is the same
thing as just contena all the agents
into the batch Dimension um this is
tremendously effective in a wide variety
of cases now technically for cooperative
problems right what you can do is
centralize the value function so you can
take all of the outputs from the
different agents and use them in a
single- shared value function but there
are some subtleties that you have to
take into account when doing that to get
it correct which at least as far I as I
have seen are generally not worth it um
and I think that the vast vast majority
of problems you will just solve
immediately uh with our basic po given
how fast it is
if you train 100 agents agent one
learned something from agent two it's
the same network there is one policy
it's independently controlling each
agent right so you have one neural
network that neural network computes the
actions for agent one computes the
actions for agent two computes actions
for agent 3 independently so this can be
deployed you know in plenty of real
world settings so pretty much you know
this is the standard way you do stuff in
every real world setting really you're
training one policy you're using all the
data right to train that one policy so
it's very
effective
um yeah you're not training 100 separate
policies this is that's not ctde though
ctde is ctde is something
different ctte
so
here okay so it depends heavily on your
algorithm but for like PO for for
instance right the main thing that
you're training for uh reward
stabilization is this value function so
you have like your policy and then you
get like
action ATN not
ant and then you get
reward reward right uh not reward hold
on Val
value okay and then every single agent
is going to produce these values which
is just like a b Dimension okay so you
just take this you get your agent data
right across all your
agents right and then what you can do is
you can either get a whole bunch of
value
functions a whole bunch of separate
values this is if you do it
independently but what ctde does is it
takes like agent One agent two agent
three agent four and they each are going
to produce their own actions
but then they all produce one
value that's
ctde uh and the reason this is ctde is
because you only need the value function
at train time so you're training them
like together in aggregate on this one
value
function but then when you deploy the
policy you don't care about the value
function so that they still operate
independently
and this is like kind of a useful idea
and it's been useful in a number of
cases but like vast majority of
multi-agent problems you don't even need
this if you just get a fast Sim and a
good implementation of Po you'll solve
it the simpler way and save yourself a
lot of
headaches you train centralized one
policy and
decentralized if that's how people are
referring to it then they're mucking
with the definitions
it makes far more sense to look at the
the value function specifically because
like it really doesn't matter if you
train one policies or n policies like
that has no implications on anything um
the value function
specifically is interesting because it's
you only need it during training time
which is why can centralize the training
of the value
function and decentralize the
execution you're not train you're not
centralized training one policy though
that's that's a different thing that's
if you were to have one policy with like
let's say five agents on your team it
has five different action heads and it's
jointly Computing actions that's not
what is happening here it is
independently Computing actions for each
agent people people muck with the
definitions uh especially in multi-agent
like if that's how they have it defined
that's how they have it defined but
that's not a useful
definition because it's like it's
focused on it's focused on something
that's completely irrelevant which is
whether like whether you're training one
set of weights or multiple set of
Weights is completely
irrelevant um the fashion of whether you
are jointly Computing actions and
jointly Computing values or
independently Computing actions jointly
Computing values that is the thing that
training yeah but you're Miss you're
missing the key of the the value
function being shared like it's not
centralized training because you're
training one policy like you're always
doing that anyways because you're
sharing data across parallel copies of
the environment right like you have
different instances with different like
agents anyways that's just a batch
Dimension the relevance right is that if
you jointly compute actions then you
cannot deploy the policy in dependently
you like each agent cannot just take its
own data source you need all the data
for all the agents to deploy it but if
you only centralize the value function
then you can train centralized and then
deploy it decentralized right that's the
key
distinction like I said people might
have mucked with the definition what is
this is this the new moral book
oh yeah this was the new I saw this and
didn't like
right no no no it's not independent
policies I me and the thing is like this
is like completely I mean this is like
so so out of touch if that's what they
do because nobody does that
yeah so I saw this thing and I saw the
table of contents uh this is insane like
this is 10 times more math than is ever
relevant and like a tenth of the
engineering and like implementation
detail that actually matters so
yeah I uh I don't necessarily recommend
oh look at this they actually have right
here
well this is actually very funny because
these are very trivial environments all
of these but
have see this rware environment we have
a port of this in C that's like shorter
than the original or whatever you can
play it online look here this is trained
with this is trained with puffer lib
with our default
policy with nothing fancy
whatsoever this runs like a thousand
times faster than the original as
well look how nicely they get out of the
way for each other and like go find new
uh new boxes this has trained in like a
few minutes on one GPU very simple
policy very simple po
I didn't like the book because first of
all it's this is like these are not
complex environments at all so these are
like trivial trivial tasks um they did a
ton of math on trivial tasks which is
completely irrelevant like you can solve
all of these trivially with like the
simplest methods you can think of and
they completely omit any of the actually
more complex T tasks can I place
obstacles there and the Agents can
Collide uh the agents can Collide I
don't know if this one has obstacles I
Les but like generally these things are
very trivial to
implement like rware is not one of our
more complex environments at all like
rware is um okay to be fair the rware
original environment has this really
obnoxious like redundant graph algorithm
in it for no reason uh if you cut that
out then it is a very very simple
environment and you can Implement
anything like this you want uh for your
specific use case in like a
day and have it be a thousand times
faster than uh than anything that's
being mentioned here like I know all of
these or almost all these environments
hanab is cool overcooked has literally
the worst code base I've ever seen uh
this thing is about probably a 100 times
100 thousand times slower than it should
be smack is cool but unfortunately
really really slow because it's stuck to
the Blizzard engine engine uh it's
insulting to call MP a complex
environment that's hilarious and then
yeah this is fine but I wouldn't call it
complex open Spiel is um board games so
not necessarily I guess kind of
multi-agent and then petting zoo yeah
they have some
um yeah I don't know it's not like this
is bad content it's just like out of
touch for how this work is actually done
now I can change grid and add walls I
don't know if we have walls but like
adding walls would be like a probably 30
line code change
uh what you're looking for is kind of
like a grid based engine we've had a
couple people mess with that I tried to
mess with that a little bit you can
definitely change the grid easily that's
just a custom map that's trivial uh I
can ask Spencer about walls that
shouldn't be
hard I mean here I'll show you like for
any of these environments
right here let me show you cuz I think
you've been misled a little bit uh
you've been I think you've been a little
bit misled
here I'm not mad at you I'm mad at like
people over complicating stuff for
newcomers to like I don't know why
people over complicate this so much I
need to know C okay but have you
actually read any of our C it's like the
easiest C you've ever
um okay okay so this the reason this is
800 lines is entirely because uh Spencer
also qued this completely redundant
graph algorithm uh from the original
rware environment you can literally just
ignore that like this whole like process
cycle movement and stuff is like
completely redundant
so yeah the code looks like this it's
literally like ifs it's just
conditionals and
Loops it's literally just conditionals
and loops
so like it's not any harder to write
this than it is to write python I wrote
python for 10 years within 3 weeks I was
just as comfortable writing this now I
think this is probably
easier I am not a systems
Guru yeah so this whole thing this whole
block of code is irrelevant all the
cycle stuff is irrelevant in fact this
trash pickup end is
probably simpler to look cuz this say
600 lines and doesn't have all the fancy
stuff so this is login code and then the
actual code for the environment we've
got compute
observations we've got Place random
entities we've got move
agent this is also more complicated than
it should be to be fair let me see if I
find you like one of my one of the mems
that I wrote cuz like we also we have
people from like a variety of different
like engineering skill levels on these
things
um let me think probably my snake
environment would be a nice a nice one
for you so this thing is only 350 lines
for multi-agent snake um including this
logging there
initialization there's your observation
function right there here's like adding
and deleting snakes very nice little
Snippets of
code there's spawning food there's the
environment
reset this this is the step function
it's like one screen of code little more
than one screen of code and that's it
rest of it's
rendering not so bad
right I had this in Python before and
it's like about the same length as it
would be in
Python we've got sample environments and
tons of people on the Discord to help as
well
I've also been uh converting major RL
Labs uh to this as well um we've got a
collab with
NYU uh we've got one with
MIT and uh one with Oxford as
well on this stuff so I'm not just
making this up like this is I promise
you this is very very much simpler and
easier than the other stuff out
there like something like this
environment here you can train this at a
million steps per second and just
automatically Solve
IT dictionary with agent IDs nope do not
do that if you do that you are screwed
because python dictionaries are slow but
we have an easier way for you look here
I can even show you you can even start
prototyping in Python without going to
see
and it'll still be faster than uh than
RL to start
with so if I just look up squared Pi squ
I added this yesterday this is a pure
python version of a very simple test
environment right
so uper Pi
squ so here this is a very simple little
environment that I wrote
this is just a random policy playing it
this whole thing is 100 lines of code
not even in Python it is way faster than
the uh the rlb API reason being it is a
vector
implementation so this buffer here is
going to actually be uh is going to give
you a nice slice of shared memory and
then when you write stuff into
observations you're going to be writing
directly into shared memory I get a m
ion steps per train a million steps per
second training even in pure python of
course that's only for very simple M as
the M gets more complicated that's going
to dip and that's when you think about
going to C but you can prototype this in
Python work exactly as you'd like to
that'll probably be a very nice way for
you to um to try out puffer as well and
I can promise you it'll be faster than
uh than RL Li because that library is
hideously
slow you'll probably end up solving your
python uh your problem in pure python
before you even have to touch C and then
you can go to C if you want it to be
really
fast uh well step just takes oh yeah I
didn't answer your original question so
uh it just takes a an array of actions
so it's a vector API so if you've got 10
agents then you just give it you know an
array with 10 numbers which are the
actions we also handle like multi-
discreete spaces if you need those um um
but yeah it's just a vector
API if you have to like dynamically add
and remove agents that's a little bit
more annoying but we do support that
there's like an extra mask field that
you can update to like mask out dead
go I hope this helps I I'm saying this
as somebody who wasted like I literally
wasted a thousand hours of my time
during my PhD trying to make R work in
like old versions of neural MMO is a
terrible Library I've tried many many
times to help them with it um you know
the devs they really were trying with it
it's just like the way that they built
that library is not the way that things
work in
RL
yeah I think it'll it'll take a lot less
time as well than you might think to do
this type of stuff because like if
you're used to rlb they have a giant
blob of code where nothing makes any
sense right and you have to really like
look at the Docks and then fiddle with
stuff and whatever we have a tiny tiny
amount of Code by comparison and it's
faster it is simpler and it works on a
huge range of problems we have all sorts
of high performance environments built
in this is what I'm doing fulltime right
I'm making RL not suck to work in
I got to get back to this trash pickup M
because I want to make sure I get uh
some progress on this let me see what
the heck is going on with
this and don't let the C scare you it's
not
scary like if you took one systems
course is n underr you're
good heck we have brand new programmers
writing this stuff as well not this
particular M but
observation so the first scaler is this
carrying status I
guess okay
apparently I
is I'm screwy
here so what did he do out of bound
cells or negative one
is this really how it is like this line
of trash here I doubt that
something's not right here something's
definitely not right
here with the observations
so wait four you Loop over
agents you Loop over sight
index hold on you know
what if this is
wrong then I would think
gotcha
Xander the Ops are
gotcha so uh I see exactly what he did
so was Zander did here is he made the
observations for one hot so like he
added four channels uh but then in the
code he's not actually filling it in by
channels so he's filling in like the
first quarter of the data and then the
rest of it's
empty ti
ti um so that's why it doesn't
work I guess I
will should I just fix it for him or
should I message him let me think I got
got half an
hour I kind of sometimes you know after
I've done a few PRS I kind of like to
just fix people
stuff shows I'm not
[Music]
bullshitting uh let me see if I can just
piix it real quick for
while uh let me see
so this is not a Time 4
for num cell
he did he wait no actually did he do it
right
here hold
on
is this laid out correctly in
memory I can see the observations are
wrong here
maybe only for one
agent what did he
do I did I missed this Loop when I was
looking at
oh hold on so if I do
zero
either okay so if it's
this mostly
rash I might have just been being stupid
hold
on B is not oh no there is a
Ben agents
by4 I thought I'd I thought I saw it and
it looked pretty obvious but I didn't
see that there was a
weird there was a weird Loop in a way I
wasn't expecting
let me try in the in the start of the
network
then see what the heck is wrong with
this thing
is this
right yeah so this is an 11 by 11 that's
supposed to be one hunted right you can
see this data is completely screwy and
the reason is uh
permute he messed this up so it's like
this
um per mute
this I think I forgot to remove the
break
point maybe not
tnm local
crop uhhuh
five at Stride three three at Stride one
is
good I actually see he was trying to
print observations here I don't think
I'm wrong though
like something's very screw with
this
broken let this run for a bit while I
figure out
so that was definitely an issue like the
observations were definitely
screwy so yeah that would completely
make sense then like why it would take
forever to learn
anything
uh so we setting rewards and DS
correctly
here uh
reward well that doesn't make any
sense
collected something with the recepts I
wonder
is okay yeah he overwrites them
so that should be
fine what's up with these rewards being
so screwy
it doesn't make any sense for it to be
so
see if it's
this buter no this is
correct so I can't fault him for most of
this well something screwy
shift oh he doesn't have a um a no op is
wi so you have to
like I think you have to like hold the
puffer to
bin hold on I didn't realiz you can push
the trash
amusing total episode reward is Tiny
though I don't know what that
is that doesn't seem to be
working for
okay so it gets 0 five everyone deposits
right
that seems
better let's see if I can finish the
environment and let's see if it resets
cleanly cuz that's the other common
another common RL bug is like you play
your environment but you don't actually
check to make sure it resets
cleanly it's funny how you can actually
grief by pushing it into a
corner welcome YouTube
folks currently debugging this new
contributor RL
environment it's kind of nice um just
not
working ideally
yet does it not
reset hang
on do it only reset at uh
steps I would break
it yeah I know they're holding it but it
says craft collected 20 out of
20 okay so it does
reset oh
well hold
on that's
bizarre
yeah so they literally all have to uh
they all have to drop the trash
in I bet you that's
the the
what did he have like 1.5k steps or
something
um the hell why don't I have did they
change their UI
where's the freaking thing to change the
axes
okay so 500
steps so he had like 1.5k
before so I think I may this thing 3x
faster Maybe
yeah more because this is 2,000 steps
okay so I had it um now it's at like 500
for
though this is 400 million steps which
is way too much for this environment it
shouldn't take this long to get off the
ground though maybe they have bad whoops
camera
fro
um hey welcome YouTube folks
first stream over 10 viewers in a
while
um so this was just like observations
were uh incorrectly
formatted this is a bad transpose on the
observations um causing this to not work
before here you can see this one going
up fast
now let's see how long this takes now
this one's not necessarily expected to
get to 20 because it doesn't have enough
time to solve the whole task uh let me
explain my reasoning here so if you give
it 500 steps right uh it's going to get
most of the trash early on and then
there's going to be like some puffers
holding some trash or whatever and if
the environment doesn't reset everyone
else is just there twiddling their
thumbs uh waiting for new opportunities
to get reward so this is just like a
really obnoxious learning
Dynamic um in general
and the way to solve this immediately is
to just like add a trash back randomly
every time one is deposited that will
make it you know way
quicker so I will let Xandra know this
let me see how well this does though
first oh it actually does solve it haha
in 100
steps let's watch that policy
actually
1,400 let's wait till we get a new
checkpoint 19.7
[Music]
and we'll watch this policy back and
then that'll be uh the morning stream
for us with this environment
fixed good feedback for Xander I'll push
these changes you'll all be free to try
it as
pick up mode
eval um
fast I'll just uh for
now I'll just add a little
we wait for this to finish and then I'm
going to send him a nice gift
hello
nerd how's it
going nerd Ru man
[Music]
steps compute OB
bations uh
what mute no was it
your see had uh observations
that's like the really satisfying policy
to watch for whatever reason as
well what just
happened oh they're
stuck that's so funny okay so there are
some degenerate cases where they get
stuck that's so funny
you it's really cool to see stuff like
this
work it's like really basic and yeah you
could totally just write a scripted
method to do this but still cool
[Music]
last thing I'm going to do
background if steps were to complete
were part of the score do you think it
would develop more complex coordinates
so there are less collisions uh it
implicitly is there is a penalty for
taking longer implicit in the RL
algorithm hey Tim yeah this is a
contributor and had a couple bugs just
fixed
them uh hold on trash this will be puff
red
carrying uh
red is this everything
uh puffer
canonicalization uh the lines are not
good here hold on the lines don't look
very
good so let's do this we'll leave his
light
gray and then
huh RL based chess engine
probably we have good vectorization if
nothing
else I got to come up with another color
for this this is
weird background
624 so let's do
go code immediately oh I just messed
with
that I think we'll do the other way
around as well
this one will be puff
cyan and this one will be
whoops
do
15 is this like a tint is there a way to
just do this as a
tint no there's not
I think what we can do
here there we
go now it's apply to
okay um I
am I'm going to go to the gym and get
some brunch I will be back streaming
probably for a bit uh later in the
afternoon probably around 34 3:30 or 4:
uh for new folks
here this is a project to make
reinforcement learning fast and sane and
pretty accessible as well it's all free
and open source you can find more at
puffer doai please start the repository
here it helps us out a tremendous
amount uh we also have a discort 867
members at the moment you can get fast
help here if you're interested in doing
some RL yourself or using these
environments or adding some uh
contributing environments is also the
best way to get involved with puffer and
onboard yourself onto this space if
you're new I also post all about RL
right here you can get notifications
when I'm live here too cuz I stream on X
twitch and YouTube
simultaneously see it's all RL content
not a bunch of
BS and other than that I stream most of
the development and we've got big plans
for 2025 with this project so thanks for